Fixed #31811 -- Add optional timing outputs to the test runner (#13224)
django/django: docs/topics/testing/advanced.txt

    .. versionadded:: 3.2

>         The ``enable_faulthandler`` and ``timing`` arguments were added.

Reviewer: I'm on that.

    .. versionadded:: 3.2

>         The ``enable_faulthandler`` argument was added.
>         The ``timing`` argument was added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        The ``enable_faulthandler`` and ``timing`` arguments were added.
```

    Returns a ``TestSuite`` instance ready to be run.

> .. method:: DiscoverRunner.setup_databases(verbosity, interactive, *, **kwargs)

Reviewer 3: `DiscoverRunner.setup_databases()` signature has not been changed, please revert this and a `versionadded` annotation.

Reviewer: Yep, good. 👍
